Welcome, in this video, we're going to get started with GitHub issues.
I'm currently logged into GitHub, and the first thing I want to do
is to make sure that issues is available to my repository.
I'm going to do this with the website repository,
so go down to your repositories and click on website.
If you see issues over here on the right hand side, issues is available to this repository.
If for some reason this is missing, you can go into settings,
and under features make sure that issues is checked.
Great, let's return back to the main page for this repository, and click on issues.
Currently, there aren't any open issues with this repository.
At the top, we have various tabs that pertain to issues.
Whenever we create pull requests, an issue is created that tracks the pull request.
Labels are used with issues to denote the type of issue that you're dealing with,
and then milestones are just major events within the repository, AKA milestones.